br: make inc + log restore compatible (#18557)
pingcap/docs: br/br-incremental-guide.md

The incremental backup does not support batch renaming of tables. If batch renaming of tables occurs during the incremental backup process, the data restore might fail. It is recommended to perform a full backup after batch renaming tables, and use the latest full backup to replace the incremental data during restore.

> In v8.3.0, a new configuration parameter `--allow-pitr-from-incremental` is added to control whether incremental backups and subsequent log backups are compatible. The default value is `true`, which means that incremental backups are compatible with subsequent log backups. In the case of compatibility, the DDL to be played back is scrutinized before the incremental restore begins. This mode does not yet support `ADD INDEX`, `MODIFY COLUMN`, or `REORG PARTITION`. To use incremental backups with log backups, you need to make sure that the incremental backups do not have any of the above mentioned DDLs in them. If you want to use incremental restores without log backups for the whole recovery process, you can set `--allow- pitr-from-incremental` to `false` to skip the checks in the incremental recovery phase.

Reviewer: There seems to be an extra space in the configuration parameter name in the following fragment:
> you can set `--allow- pitr-from-incremental` to `false`

It should be:
> you can set `--allow-pitr-from-incremental` to `false`

Reviewer: > In the case of compatibility, the DDL to be played back is scrutinized before the incremental restore begins.

It would be good to have a brief parenthetical remark as to what happens in the case of incompatibility as well. Does the program crash? Provide an explanatory message and then allow a restore from incremental with the flag set to true (and no log restoration)?

Author: Updated as suggested. Thanks~

> In v8.3.0, a new configuration parameter `--allow-pitr-from-incremental` is added to control whether incremental backups and subsequent log backups are compatible. The default value is `true`, which means that incremental backups are compatible with subsequent log backups. In the case of compatibility, the DDL to be played back is scrutinized before the incremental restore begins. This mode does not yet support `ADD INDEX`, `MODIFY COLUMN`, or `REORG PARTITION`. To use incremental backups with log backups, you need to make sure that the incremental backups do not have any of the above mentioned DDLs in them. Otherwise, these three DDLs cannot be replayed correctly. If you want to use incremental restores without log backups for the whole recovery process, you can set `--allow-pitr-from-incremental` to `false` to skip the checks in the incremental recovery phase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting from v8.3.0, a new configuration parameter `--allow-pitr-from-incremental` is added to control whether incremental backups and subsequent log backups are compatible. The default value is `true`, which means that incremental backups are compatible with subsequent log backups.

- When you keep the default value `true`, the DDLs that need to be replayed are strictly checked before the incremental restore begins. This mode does not yet support `ADD INDEX`, `MODIFY COLUMN`, or `REORG PARTITION`. If you  want to use incremental backups together with log backups, make sure that none of the preceding DDLs exist during the incremental backup process. Otherwise, these three DDLs cannot be replayed correctly.

- If you want to use incremental restores without log backups during the whole recovery process, you can set `--allow-pitr-from-incremental` to `false` to skip the checks in the incremental recovery phase.
```
